
---
title: 1.2.4809
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-05-02T17:14:29.939Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-05-02T16:51:12.899Z
---		
		
- **[Custom UI]** A LOT of changes in overlay that allows you to write your own UI. At this point it could be considered usable and you can try it out. There will be some guides later in May.
  - Editor changes - code completion, highlighting, etc. The same editor will be later used for C# scripts as well
  - Added CSS/JS support - you can include your own scripts and stylesheets and the system will automatically connect them to your UI
  - Added a new API which differs from one used in C# scripts. This API has built-in backward compatibility and replace existing one in a few weeks.
  - Few fun examples - TicTacToe written in [Blazor](https://eyeauras.net/share/S202305021339509ToUdnXaZO83) or plain [JavaScript](https://eyeauras.net/share/S20230502133303onv644MnMPW7). Update to the **latest** version before importing these! Or write your UI on top of this [animated JS background](https://eyeauras.net/share/S20230502135604yrl45WNBTFWH). 
  - UI [example](https://eu.eyeauras.net/share/S20230502171304zVWHzoVWyEer) of some Lineage bot
  - I will include examples which will show how to integrate your new custom UI with existing Eye Auras infrastructure a bit later. Basically, you can use anything - image search, AI search, all kinds of triggers and actions right from your custom UI code

- **[New feature] Safe-Mode** - when the app crashes or fails to load, you'll be asked to switch to Safe-Mode, which will disable most features of EyeAuras and will focus on one thing - loading the app, which will allow you to fix your broken Aura or update to the newer version without some newly discovered bug. You can enforce this mode manually by adding “--safeMode” or “-s” switch