---
title: 1.3.5281
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-10-02T00:09:43.504Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-06-17T12:45:15.537Z
---		
		
## Key Feature - Enhanced Scripting with Visual Studio/Rider Compatibility
Two months ago, I introduced a significant new feature - the CustomUI overlay. This gave developers the freedom to craft user interfaces using the dynamic duo of C# and Razor, broadening possibilities for bot/aura customization. It also made navigating the EyeAuras interface more user-friendly.

However, I realized there was room for improvement. Developers have grown accustomed to the power of Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) such as Visual Studio and Rider, which previously couldn't be fully utilized in the EyeAuras context. Determined to change this, I have enhanced the CustomUI overlay to allow exporting and saving of your code as a C# project.

The exported project, inclusive of EyeAuras.SDK, can be opened in any IDE, offering the advantages of full auto-completion, unit testing capabilities, and more. Do note, however, that you'll still need EyeAuras running for code execution. I'm also working on introducing the option to connect external Nuget packages, which will be a primary focus in July.

The new Live development mode is another highlight, enabling real-time loading of changes into EyeAuras. Be it a style tweak or new bot logic, your modifications can be viewed in seconds. The potential here is tremendous, considering the access to triggers, captured images, input simulators, and more.

Please note, while Actions and Triggers are currently operating on an older scripting engine, I am working on migrating these to the new scripting engine while maintaining backward compatibility.

## Color Search Trigger - Mathematical - New Similarity Calculation Method
In addition to the previous enhancements, I've added a new Euclidean Distance-based similarity calculation method to the Color Search Trigger. You can learn more about it on the [EyeAuras Wiki](https://chat.openai.com/c/69c9e35c-53db-4164-9bc9-239095c86ee6#).

#### Bugfixes/Improvements
- **[Overlays]** Performance boost achieved by utilizing separate CPU cores, enhancing responsiveness.
- **[Bugfix]** Resolved an issue causing a crash when switching between auras while the Editor is in the loading phase.
- **[Bugfix]** Addressed intermittent crashes in Window Selector, a component used for target window selection.
- **[Bugfix]** Fixed an inconsistency in Window Selector where the matching window wasn't always selected automatically.
- **[Bugfix]** All dialog windows have been optimized for faster opening times and are now free of visual artifacts.
- **[Image/Color/Text Search] [Bugfix]** Solved an issue where capturing unresponsive windows led to program freezing.
- **[Image/Color/Text Search] [Bugfix]** Resolved the UI limitation preventing the selection of 0 FPS. This correction is especially handy for script-triggered use cases.
