
---
title: 1.3.5498
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-10-02T00:08:04.823Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-09-17T11:06:11.891Z
---		
		
### Added License Agreement
To address the legal aspects, I've included a mandatory license agreement. This agreement stipulates that the user is solely responsible for adhering to the license agreements of any applications they automate.

As many of you are aware, games often explicitly mention that automating actions by any method is prohibited and can lead to a ban. Please be mindful of this.

### Window activation technique improvements
For EyeAuras to function effectively, the window receiving inputs typically needs to be active. If it's not, EyeAuras has some methods to automatically bring it to the forefront.

At first glance, this seems like a straightforward one-line API call. However, due to various quirks within Windows, it is not as simple as that. As a result, I've implemented multiple mechanisms to enhance the likelihood of success.

In this release, I've introduced additional code to improve performance, especially in edge cases and for applications resistant to automatic activation.

**In short**, if you experience issues with window activation (for instance, a window not activating when you send inputs), please reach out to me, as adjustments have been made in this version.

### YooKassa (former YandexKassa) is back
This could be interesting for RU/CIS users - YooKassa is now back and you can pay by cards again.

#### BUGFIXES
- Fixed issue with Conent/Position Anchors not being preserved