
---
title: 1.3.5691
description: 
published: true
date: 2023-10-30T16:46:36.378Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-10-30T16:44:14.552Z
---		
		
### Enhancing your botting capabilities with Machine Learning-powered image analysis
Machine Learning, especially object detection, classification, and segmentation, can revolutionize game botting. Imagine bots that can precisely identify in-game items, enemies, and terrains, or classify player behaviors, leading to more efficient and smarter in-game decisions. However, diving into this world can be daunting. The challenges? It's often hard to start, there's **a ton** of information to sift through, and setting things up can be complex.  

**Enter CVAT Automatic Annotation Tool** - your new go-to tool for training ML models  

[CVATAAT](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/CVATAAT/getting-started) is here to simplify that journey. Tailored for those new to botting, it helps you prepare and train your game data with ease. It's **free**, works on your computer, and is laser-focused on gaming needs. Just feed it your game images, label them, and CVATAAT does the heavy lifting, rapidly training and delivering your optimized models which you then can use with EyeAuras to get the full power of [ML-Search trigger](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/triggers/images/ai-search-trigger).  

This is still an early alpha, so anything can go wrong, please report the problems and together we can make the process of preparing models as simple as possible. I really think that this is the way into the future, with this tool I'd like to cleanup some debris from the road.  

### BUGFIXES/IMPROVEMENTS
- **[SendSequence]** Added **Mouse Wheel Up/Down support**, available only in **SendSequence** for now
- **[Dependencies Viewer/Graph]** Is now using another way of displaying auras/dependencies. Should be much more responsive now.