---
title: 1.4.7399
description: end of aug - first batch of fixes
published: true
date: 2024-08-31T14:28:43.205Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-08-31T14:28:43.205Z
---

# C# scripting improvements
One of the major features of EyeAuras is its [C# script engine](/en/scripting/getting-started) which allows to compile, load and execute your code in real-time. It is used in actions, triggers and behavior trees.
Considering there is literally no restrictions on the code you can write, it is not uncommon to make mistakes in script code which could lead to crashes, deadlocks and all other usual problems in programming. I already wrote about this in [7060](/en/changelogs/7060) changelog. 
In this version I've introduced an additional mechanism that will extend your code in attempt to try to mitigate some common mistakes, like not catching `Task` exceptions, using `Thread.Sleep` instead of EyeAuras-provided `Sleep` method which has much-much greater accuracy and is also cancellable or even doing infinite loops `while(true){}` instead of `while(!cancellationToken.IsCancellationRequested){}`.

All such cases will now be analyzed before compilation and the code will be rewritten. Of course I can try to fix only **some** percentage of mistakes this way, the major responsibility is still on you, as script developer, to write the working code, but this mechanism will try to make life a little bit easier. 
We'll see how it goes and whether this mechanism will prove itself useful. Ideally, you should not even notice it working. 

Please report anything strange you may notice!

## Bugfixes/Improvements
- [Crash] Fixed crash that occurred on Windows 10 Home(and N) due to missing OpenCL libraries
- [Sublicenses] Sublicenses are now displayed in UI. Right now instead of pack name only Id is shown
- [UI] EyeAuras license agreemenet popup window will now be automatically activated upon startup. This won't affect those who already accepted it at some point
- [UI] Reworked import/export mechanism - should fix problems with behavior trees replacement and few other things
- [BehaviorTrees] UI changes - reshuffled controls a bit, changed styles, etc. Let's see how the updated version will feel
- [BehaviorTrees] Added errors visualization - if some node encounters an error it will now be shown in UI just like errors in auras
- [Scripting] Released newer version of EyeAuras.SDK 




