---
title: 1.5.7965
description: End of Dec - RC2
published: true
date: 2024-12-24T01:28:00.152Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-12-24T01:25:13.039Z
---

## C# Scripting - BlazorWindows - added NoActivate
Added very useful property called `NoActivate`, which, when set, makes it so the window **will** react to mouse clicks, but **will not** intercept user focus.
Meaning you can have an overlay with a bunch of controls, allowing user to easily disable and enable some functionality of your bot while game window will remain active.

```csharp
    /// <summary>
    /// Gets or sets a value indicating whether the window should NOT be activated when clicked
    /// </summary>
    bool NoActivate { get; set; }
```


## C# Scripting - BlazorWindows - added ComplexFileProvider

Added to `IBlazorWindow` one new property and one method. Both of those could be used to
provide custom providers for file data. You can pick whichever flavour you want - add your custom file provider either via `RegisterFileProvider` or by using `AdditionalFileProvider` and any file, which you will be referencing in your custom Blazor code, will have access to that file.
It could be runtime-generated styles, could be images, video or anything you may need to create a really dynamic user interfaces.

For now, I would recommend to use built-in:

- `ComplexFileProvider` - allows to combine multiple FileProviders together, resolution will happen in order of addition
- `InMemoryFileProvider` - allows to store file data in-memory, files will be cached for better performance
- `InMemoryFileInfo` - allows to create one in-memory file, the data is loaded when FileInfo is constructed
- `LazyInMemoryFileInfo` - allows to create lazy file info, which will be loaded only when accessed

which allow you to easily add new content to your pages.

```csharp

    /// <summary>
    /// Gets or sets additional file provider which will be used by Blazor
    /// </summary>
    IFileProvider AdditionalFileProvider { get; set; }

    /// <summary>
    /// Adds additional file provider which will be used by Blazor. Added to the end of the list.
    /// Removed on disposal
    /// </summary>
    IDisposable RegisterFileProvider(IFileProvider fileProvider);
```

Example of the code, which will load file from the disk and make it available for use in styles or HTML:
```csharp
var fileProvider = new InMemoryFileProvider();
fileProvider.AddOrUpdate(new InMemoryFileInfo("hello.png", File.ReadAllBytes(@"D:\hello.png")));
```
Of course, you can generate the displayed data in runtime as well.


## Bugfixes/Improvements
- [Scripting] Fixed problem with BlazorWindow Opacity not being set properly under some circumstances 