---
title: 1.6.8015
description: February - Precompile/Preserve binaries fixes
published: true
date: 2025-02-21T10:15:08.648Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-02-21T10:14:46.777Z
---

# C# Scripting - Precompile/Preserve binaries
Details about both features were in [this](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/changelogs/7994) changelog.
I've got the first feedback and done a few bugfixes/improvements in the mechanism - the most major is that the feature is now supported in Behavior Tree nodes as well. 

Please keep in mind, that there may still be bugs and problems, I'll continue working on them in Q1-Q2. Eventually we'll get there.

## Macros - no longer cancellable
Previously, when Enabling condition for the macro toggled back to `Inactive` state, EA interrupted Macro in the middle of whatever it was doing. This was intentionally implemented behavior which turned out to bring more problems than it solved. 
For now, I've completely disabled any ways of prematurely stopping Macros - there will be tools which would allow to do that, which I will release in the nearest future (something like `Exit` and `Break` commands). 


## Bugfixes/Improvements
- [SendSequence] There was a problem with SendSequences - under some conditions they were interrupted prematurely, meaning that only part of the sequence would be sent. Thanks for `@Rowenor` for finding this out!
- [Macros] Made it so Comment node no longer throws exception when executed - this defeated the whole purpose of having that node in the tree
