---
title: 1.6.8184
description: March - CV API caching
published: true
date: 2025-03-27T10:24:54.295Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-03-27T10:21:23.876Z
---

# [Computer Vision API](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/scripting/api/IComputerVisionExperimentalScriptingApi) improvements - Caching
Implementing a first prototype of the system which should allow to use [CV API](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/scripting/api/IComputerVisionExperimentalScriptingApi) in BTs and Macros. The general idea is that now those methods which you call, be it ImageSearch/ColorSearch/etc, will cache underlying capture/processing mechanisms, which should make consequent **similar** calls from other parts of the program be much-much cheaper. We're talking `seconds` VS `milliseconds` here. 

The mechanism tries to track which parts of the program use different parts of [CV API](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/scripting/api/IComputerVisionExperimentalScriptingApi) and cache them accordingly. Monitor memory usage! Usually such systems tend to [memory leak](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memory_leak). A lot. Especially until properly tuned. 

This API by itself is still very rough on edges and will be improved in upcoming releases. 


## WithoutCaching()
This method is now part of [Computer Vision API](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/scripting/api/IComputerVisionExperimentalScriptingApi) and allows to entirely **bypass** caching mechanism if you do not need it - e.g. your entire program is a single C# script. In that case it does not make sense to rely on EA caching mechanisms and pay extra (yet small) price for it

## Bugfixes/Improvements
- [Crash] Fixed crash which happened in BTs after latest changes ("Already cancelled") 
- [Macros] Improved responsiveness of drag'n'drop in the tree
- [Scripting] Added `Clear()` method to MiniProfiler
- [Scripting] Optimized memory use a bit (AuraScript disposal)
- [Scripting] In auras, fixed a bug which could've prevented Script execution if aura was deactivated too quickly


