---
title: 1.8.8715
description: September
published: true
date: 2025-09-02T12:19:24.770Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-09-02T12:19:24.770Z
---

# SendSequence changes 
Added two new flags, which target the scenario when you want to play some long-long sequence of actions, but at the same time you want to make it possible that it could be interrupted at any given moment.

E.g. you have a sequence of skills, which are cast inside WhileActive block. Now you want to be able to interrupt it at any given moment (e.g. by toggling hotkey to "Off" state). Previously it was not possible to do so without using Behavior Trees or Macros. But now, with these two new options, it is just a couple of clicks

## Can Be Interrupted
As stated in the name, it changes behavior of the action - if, for any reason, Aura gets deactivated, the action will be stopped, even if the sequence has not been completed yet.

But abruptly stopping sequences of inputs is not really a great idea most of the time - if, for example, action has pressed some button and NOT released it yet, if it will be interrupted, the button will stay pressed, probably breaking something. 

That is where the second flag comes in handy:

## Restore Keyboard State
This flag remembers keys, **pressed** by the sequence and will **release** them automatically at the end of the action. So even if the action was interrupted in the very middle, there will be no "stuck" keys. 

## Bugfixes/Improvements
- [Crash] Fixed crash which happened when Export window was closed too quickly
- [UI] Fixed text editor soft-crash which happened in some cases
- [Core] Fixed Trigger activation mode - "At least one" as not working properly
- [Scripting] Made it possible to implement EA-based authentication mechanism right in your code, meaning you can code your own login procedure which will be relying on EyeAuras [Sublicenses](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/features/sublicenses)
- [SendSequence] Fixed a problem with Restore Mouse position not working as expected in some cases
- [EyePad] Implemented "recent files", try it out in [portable version](https://files.eyeauras.net/eyeauras/alpha/EyeAuras.1.8.8715.portable.zip) 