---
title: Common Options
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-05-14T18:37:43.796Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-06-18T15:26:34.441Z
---

The group of actions labeled "Send Input" allow users to simulate their inputs using different simulators. They share several common options:

#### Target Window

Utilizes Window Match Expressions to determine the window that should be activated before sending input events. Read more about Window Match Expressions [_here_](https://wiki.eyeauras.net/en/aura-options/window-match-expressions).

#### Key Press delay

This defines the delay between the Key Down and Key Up events. There is a 'Randomize' option that selects a random delay within the specified range.

#### Restore After Action is Completed

This has two sub-options:

-   **Window:** Remembers and restores the active window before this action was executed.
-   **Mouse position:** Remembers and restores the mouse position before this action was executed.

#### Key Press Passthrough

An advanced option that ensures the 'Hotkey Is Active' trigger does not intercept key presses generated by this specific action. This can be useful for custom scenarios, such as games requiring complex input sequences.

#### Block User Input

This blocks user input while the action is executing to avoid any interference. Options are:

-   **Disabled:** Default option, does not block user input.
-   **Block All Input:** Disables all user input.
-   **Block Keyboard Input:** Disables keyboard input.
-   **Block Mouse Input:** Disables mouse input (buttons only), movement is still allowed.
-   **Block Mouse Movement:** Disables mouse movement, buttons are still allowed.

#### Mouse Move Smoothing Algorithm

To prevent detection and make simulated user inputs look more human-like, a mouse movement smoothing algorithm is used to add intermediary movements.

#### Input Simulator

There are many different input methods. Most of them are available even for unregistered users. Contact me in Discord (.xab3r) if your favorite game detects all of these(veeeeery unlikely, hardware-based is basically undetectable) and I'll think about adding more:

-   **Windows Input** Uses Windows SendInput API to simulate key presses. This simple method is used by a variety of different software and can be easily detected. However, it is also commonly used, which can make it harder to attribute to "botting".
-   **Windows Message API** Uses Windows PostMessage API to simulate inputs. This legacy method is ignored by most modern applications, but can be used to send input to an application not in the foreground.
-   **Low-Level Input Injection/Windows Input** Uses modified versions of inputs which are harder to detect and can bypass some protections.
-   **TetherScript Driver** Uses TetherScript driver to simulate inputs. Requires ControlMyJoystick software to be installed. Despite not being free, the software only needs to be installed - no purchase required. Download it [_here_](https://tetherscript.com/controlmyjoystick-home/).
-   **Input Driver** Uses a publicly available custom keyboard/mouse driver, which might be detected by some advanced protection systems.
-   **Virtual Driver** A less-known custom keyboard/mouse driver. Compatibility may vary depending on your hardware.
-   **Granny's Send Input** Uses a very old and time-proven simulation method which sometimes gets missed by anti-cheats due to its age. **Old, but not obsolete** ©
-   **KMBox B+ Pro (COM)** Uses a special hardware which must be purchased separately. [Learn more here](https://letmegooglethat.com/?q=kmbox+b%2B+pro) 
-   **Usb2Kbd Device** Uses Arduino-based hardware keyboard/mouse emulator. An additional device from Amazon (~$10) is required, along with a firmware provided by us. Detailed instructions on how to flash it onto the device will be provided later. [_Buy the device here_](https://www.amazon.com/Ferwooh-Downloader-Programmer-Microcontroller-Adapter/dp/B08DTRPT1Z/).